Deprecating IntentMetadata.displayname (#926)
finos/FDC3: docs/api/ref/Metadata.md

  /** The unique name of the intent that can be invoked by the raiseIntent call. */
  readonly name: string;

>   /** Display name for the intent. Deprecated in favour of using the intent name for display as
>    *  display name may vary for each application as it is defined in the app's AppD record. 
>    *  @deprecated
>   */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /** Display name for the intent.
   * @deprecated Use the intent name for display as display name may vary for
   * each application as it is defined in the app's AppD record.
   */
```
